
LLISTA DE DESCARTATS

id: A unique identifier for the participant. This is automatically generated when the participant is created.
name: The name of the participant. It may contain Non-ASCII characters
email: The email of the participant.
dietary_restrictions: The dietary restrictions of the participant. It can be one of the following: "None", "Vegetarian", "Vegan", "Gluten-free", "Other".
shirt_size: The shirt size of the participant. It can be one of the following: "S", "M", "L", "XL".
technical_project: The technical project of the participant. This is a response to the free-form question "Tell us about a project you’ve enjoyed working on, technical or non-technical.".






LLISTA DE MOLT IMPORTANTS.

objective: The objective of the participant. This is a response to the a free-form question "What are you looking for at Datathon FME 2024?". The response is usually related to one of: "prize-hunting", "portfolio-building", "learning new skills", "meeting new people".
programming_skills: The programming skills of the participant. It is a dictionary with programming languages or tools as keys and integers as values. The integers represent the skill level, which can be one of the following: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. # Depèn de si l'objectiu



interest_in_challenges: The interest in challenges of the participant. It is a list of strings, each string representing a challenge. # ALGÚN CHALLENGE EN COMÚ
year_of_study: The year of study of the participant. It can be one of the following: "1st year", "2nd year", "3rd year", "4th year", "Masters", "PhD". # Estan relacionats
experience_level: The experience level of the participant. It can be one of the following: "Beginner", "Intermediate", "Advanced". # Estan relacionats
preferred_languages: The preferred languages of the participant. It is a list of strings, each string representing a programming language. # Sobretot molt important si no comparteixen

friend_registration: The list of friends of the participant. It is a list of UUIDs, each UUID representing a participant. # Si dona un mateix amic sí.
preferred_team_size: The preferred team size of the participant. It is an integer between 1 and 5.
availability: The availability of the participant. It is a dictionary with days and times as keys and boolean values as values.


LLISTA DE MEH.
preferred_role: The preferred role of the participant. It can be one of the following: "Analysis", "Visualization", "Development", "Design". # Depèn NO EQUIP DE 4 IGUALS.
hackathons_done: The number of hackathons done by the participant.
age: The age of the participant. # Casos extrems compte més
university: The university of the participant.
fun_fact: The fun fact of the participant. This is a response to the free-form question "Tell us a fun fact about you :".
interests: The interests of the participant. It is a list of strings, each string representing an interest.
future_excitement: The future excitement of the participant. This is a response to the free-form question "What’s something you’re excited to work on in the next 10 years? Dream big!".
introduction: The introduction of the participant. This is a response to the free-form question "Tell us about yourself".
